Update `@shopify/polaris-migrator` to accept a file list via `stdin` (#10950)
Shopify/polaris: .changeset/poor-llamas-taste.md

---
'@shopify/polaris-migrator': minor
---

> Updated the `migrate` function to accept a file list

Author: ```suggestion
Updated the CLI to accept a file list via `stdin`
```
